ABOUT PROJECT:

This is a small python project where you are able to generate a qrcode with required message in it.
The message which you have stored in the qrcode will be displayed when you scan the qrcode. 

STEPS:

1) clone the project. : git clone https://github.com/jaya-vardhan/MyProjects.git
2) Go into the project directory. : cd MyProjects/GenerateQrcode
3) Create virtual environment. : virtualenv --python=pythonx.x.x(your python version) venv
4) Activate virtual environment. : source venv/bin/activate (ubuntu/linux/mac)
                                   venv\Scripts\activate  (windows)
5) Install requirements for project. : pip install requirements.txt
6) Execute the python file. : python generateqr.py
7) You are able to get the qrcode in the GenerateQrcode directory.


WHY TWO REQUIREMENTS:

In the project you will get 2 requirements file (requirements.txt and dev_requirements.txt), i,e,, 1 with version numbers and other without versions. If you get any issues with versions, then you can use the other requirements file to download the other versions.


NOTE:

Important requirements are the one which are provided in the requirements.txt. Extra things which are there in the dev_requirements.txt are provided by the pip itself when you install pip and the requirements.txt. i,e,, those are auto generated by the pip to resolve some conflicts and to provide support for the other modules in the virtual environment. 

THIS DOCUMENT IS WRITTEN ON 08/09/2022 AND THE REQUIREMENT VERSIONS ARE AS PER THAT DATE.
